SlideShow by Bay Area Event Photography.

This program was created to have a simple slideshow program that loops on a selected folder of .JPGs.  This program is very useful running on a second laptop across a network.  PhotoboothMGR can be configured to copy images to another computer so that it feeds this continuously running slideshow.  The user can add .jpg files at any time which will be added to the end of the list. Files can be removed as long as its not being access by the program. (You will receive a warning of file in use from Windows).

Here are the basics to the program.
   The program will display jpgs from the same folder where the program resides.    
   The slideshow continuously loops on the available jpgs.
   You can copy .jpgs into the folder anytime and the program adds them to the end of the list of images.
   You can change the playback speed and turn on/off the fading of the image.
   The control panel runs on the laptop screen and the slideshow is intended to run on the extended screen. 

Simple written instructions.  

To configure the laptop for the slideshow, make sure the laptop has a second display attached. Set Windows to a single extended display.  In this way, the laptop screen is the left half of the entire screen, and the right half is sent to the VGA connector.   The VGA connector is intended to be attached to a larger display somewhere in your event venue.

Start the program. At least one .JPG must be in the same folder. 
Once started, you will have two dialogs - An operator dialog and the slideshow dialog.
Click the  "Click to Run" button. The slideshow starts. The button changes to a Pause button.
Drag the Slideshow dialog all the way over into the extended display.  
Once you have dragged/dropped the dialog, then click the "Min/Max Wnd" button to maximize it on the extended display.  
Click the "Enable Boarders" once or twice to get rid of the title bar at the top.  All this should be visible on the extended display output. 
To pull the window back to the laptop screen, click the "Reset Pos" button.

